I am 24 years old and I live in Iran and I have a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from one of the best public universities in Iran.
I am very interested in the field of data analysis and data scientist and I would love to pass this course to find a job according to my wishes.
The value of the Rial(ريال) against the Dollar($) is very low and the cost of education is very high for me.
And because I have not yet found a job, I can not pay for this course. On the other hand, Iran is under sanctions and international payments cannot be made.
Despite these obstacles, I still want to take this course because of my interest in this field.
To find my favorite job, I have to use this certificate to show my talent in this field.
To prove your talent, you have to show valid certificates to companies so that they can trust you, and having this degree after passing this course gives me the necessary credit.




-----------------------------------------------------


I learned Python programming exactly from coursera.org
And I try to give myself a very high position in the job of a data scientist because it is my favorite job.
In addition to the data scientist, analyze and review data types, announce the amazing results of the data after reviewing them.
To achieve this desire, I must first pass this course so that I can test my talent.
Passing this course helps me a lot in starting my career because this degree is very important and having it helps me to start working in a good company.
In resume, taking international courses in good companies is a very important feature and having a high score in that degree is much more important.
And just passing this course and having a degree can help me find a job.
Working with data is very enjoyable for me and I have to use it well so that I can find a job in this field and reach higher job levels.


----------------------------


Because we live in Iran, sanctions prevent us from making international payments.
Also, because I am still unemployed, I do not have a monthly income to pay.
